Untyped/Typed supervision (#26653)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/coexisting.md

Java
:  @@snip [TypedWatchingUntypedTest.java](/akka-actor-typed-tests/src/test/java/jdocs/akka/typed/coexistence/TypedWatchingUntypedTest.java) { #typed }

## Supervision

> The default supervision for untyped actors is to restart where as for typed it is to stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default supervision for untyped actors is to restart whereas for typed it is to stop.
```

> When combining untyped and and typed actors the default supervision is based on the default behavior of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When combining untyped and typed actors the default supervision is based on the default behavior of
```

the child i.e. if an untyped actor creates a typed child, its default supervision will be to stop. If a typed

> actor creates an untyped child, its defailt supervision will be to restart.

Reviewer 2: typo defailt
